If I keep doing this endlessly
What's the point
Is it a bay?
Is this my ultimate life goal?
No, I can't go on like this
Xiaoqiang, I only want you alone Xiaoqiang
Xiaoqing
Xiaoqing Xiaoqing
marry me
You may feel it's a bit sudden
But after going through so many things
I finally figured it out
You are the woman I love most
He is the person I want to choose in this life
he is your true love
Then who am I?
You, tell me
Do you ever take me to heart?
Who am I in your heart?
Yueyang is in my heart
you have always been my best friend
friend
Lin Yang, how long are you going to keep pretending to be stupid?
I didn’t, I really put Lin Yang
Do you really just regard Yue Yun as a friend?
Xiaoqing
Why do you think so of me? Because I'm jealous of him.
You two have been through life and death so many times
Deal with the Zhao family together
Deal with the Fan family together
There were several times when you risked your life for him.
you tell me
your feelings for him
Are they really just friends?
I have no idea
I don’t know what it means.
This scumbag
I don't care
You must choose one in front of my false feelings today
If I go on like this endlessly
What is the point?
Is it when the bay
Is that my ultimate life goal?
No, I can't do this anymore.
Xiaoqiang, I just want you to be alone Xiaoqiang
XiaoQing
Xiaoqing Xiaoqing
Will you marry me?
You may feel a little sudden
But after going through so much
I finally figured it out.
You are the woman I love the most
Is the person I want to choose in my life
He is your true love
Then what am I?
You tell me
Did you take me to heart?
What am I to you?
Yueyang is in my heart
You have always been my best friend
friend
Lin Yang, how long are you going to play stupid?
I didn't, I really put Lin Yang
Do you really only consider Yue Yun as a friend?
XiaoQing
Why do you think so of me too? Because I am jealous of him.
You two have been born and died so many times
Let's deal with the Zhao family together
Deal with the Fan family together
How many times have you risked your life for him?
You tell me.
Your feelings for him
Are you really just friends?
I do not know.
I do not know what that means.
This scum
I do not care.
You must choose one today in front of my hypocrisy